Document the use of SMTs to customize _id field (#83)
IBM/cloudant-kafka-connector: README.md

    ```
    See the [Kafka Connect transforms](https://kafka.apache.org/31/documentation.html#connect_transforms) documentation for more details.

**Note:** The ID of each document written to Cloudant by the sink connector can be configured as follows:

1. From the value of the `cloudant_doc_id` header on the event.  The value passed to this header must be a string and the `header.converter=org.apache.kafka.connect.storage.StringConverter` config is required.  This will overwrite the `_id` field if it already exists.
1. The value of the `_id` field in the JSON
1. If no other non-null or non-empty value is available the document will be created with a new UUID.

#### Single Message Transforms

Single Message Transforms, or SMTs, can be used to customize fields or values of events during data flow.  The examples below will explore modifying fields for events flowing from the Kafka topic to a Cloudant database using the sink connector.

> 1. If the record value contains an existing field, not called `_id`, that is suitable to use as the Cloudant document ID, then you can use the `RenameField` transform.

Reviewer: "record" -> "event"?

Reviewer: I see you fixed this in the commit after - sorry

Author: No problem, I noticed it right after I pushed the README commit

    ```
    See the [Kafka Connect transforms](https://kafka.apache.org/31/documentation.html#connect_transforms) documentation for more details.

> 

Author: Added your suggestion with additional notes in 49037e0

    ```
    See the [Kafka Connect transforms](https://kafka.apache.org/31/documentation.html#connect_transforms) documentation for more details.

> **Note:** For each message record that the sink connector writes to Cloudant the document ID from this priority order:

Reviewer: Wording seems a bit clumsy. How about something like "The ID of each document written to Cloudant by the sink connector can be configured as follows..."

1. From the value of the `cloudant_doc_id` header on the message.  The value passed to this header must be a string and the `header.converter=org.apache.kafka.connect.storage.StringConverter` config is required.  This will overwrite the `_id` field if it already exists.
1. The value of the `_id` field in the JSON
1. If no other non-null or non-empty value is available the document will be created with a new UUID.

#### Single Message Transforms

Single Message Transforms, or SMTs, can be used to customize fields or values of messages during data flow.  The examples below will explore modifying fields for messages flowing from the Kafka topic to a Cloudant database using the sink connector.

> 1. If there's an existing field that will be used as the document ID then use the `ReplaceField` transform.  See the config example below that renames `name` to `_id` field:

Reviewer: Add a comma to make these clauses clearer: "If there's an existing field. that..." or even "If there's an existing field, _then_ that..."

Author: Ok, I'll use what Rich has above.  I also realized that the transform in this note should be `RenameField`.

    ```
    transforms=RenameField
    transforms.RenameField.type=org.apache.kafka.connect.transforms.ReplaceField$Value 
    transforms.RenameField.renames=name:_id
    ```
1. If you have `_id` fields and would prefer to have Cloudant generate a UUID for the document ID, use the `ReplaceField` transform to exclude the existing `_id` field:
    ```
    transforms=ReplaceField
    transforms.ReplaceField.type=org.apache.kafka.connect.transforms.ReplaceField$Value 
    transforms.ReplaceField.exclude=_id
    ```

1. If you have records where there is no value e.g. tombstones (and don't want the Cloudant sink connector to generate an empty doc with a generated ID) then 
you'll need to use a `dropNullRecords` transform and predicate to filter out and remove these tombstone records:  
    ```
    transforms=dropNullRecords
    transforms.dropNullRecords.type=org.apache.kafka.connect.transforms.Filter
    transforms.dropNullRecords.predicate=isNullRecord

    predicates=isNullRecord
    predicates.isNullRecord.type=org.apache.kafka.connect.transforms.predicates.RecordIsTombstone
    ```

> 1. If you want to use the message key or another custom value as the document ID then use the `cloudant_doc_id` custom header.

Reviewer: Is "message" or "event" the preferred kafka terminology? Skimming their documentation, I can see both used

Reviewer 2: from a connect perspective there is also "record", but I always think of messages on a topic

   The value set in this custom header will be added to the `_id` field.  If the `_id` field already exists then it will be overwritten
   with the value in this header.
   You can use the `HeaderFrom` SMT to move or copy a key to the custom header. The example config below adds the transform to move 

>    the `docid` record key to the `cloudant_doc_id` custom header and sets the header converter to string:

Reviewer: "record" - terminology should be consistent with my above comment

1. The value of the `_id` field in the JSON
1. If no other non-null or non-empty value is available the document will be created with a new UUID.

#### Single Message Transforms

Single Message Transforms, or SMTs, can be used to customize fields or values of messages during data flow.  The examples below will explore modifying fields for messages flowing from the Kafka topic to a Cloudant database using the sink connector.

1. If there's an existing field that will be used as the document ID then use the `ReplaceField` transform.  See the config example below that renames `name` to `_id` field:
    ```
    transforms=RenameField
    transforms.RenameField.type=org.apache.kafka.connect.transforms.ReplaceField$Value 
    transforms.RenameField.renames=name:_id
    ```
2. If you have `_id` fields and would prefer to have Cloudant generate a UUID for the document ID, use the `ReplaceField` transform to exclude the existing `_id` field:
    ```
    transforms=ReplaceField
    transforms.ReplaceField.type=org.apache.kafka.connect.transforms.ReplaceField$Value 
    transforms.ReplaceField.exclude=_id
    ```

> 3. If you have messages where the `_id` field is absent or `null` then Cloudant will generate
> a document ID. If you don't want this to happen then set an `_id` (see earlier examples).
> Alternatively filter out those documents. For example if you have messages where the `_id`
> field is `null` then you'll need to use a transform and predicate to filter out and remove this
> field:
>     ```
>     TODO 
>     ```
> 

Author: I did some more digging and the current built-in SMT predicates and filter won't handle either a) dropping the field or b) filtering the document if `_id == null` .
At this point, I wouldn't have to delay this PR by trying to create a custom SMT.  What if we update this to:
```suggestion
3. If you have messages where the `_id` field is absent or `null` then Cloudant will generate
a document ID. If you don't want this to happen then set an `_id` (see earlier examples).
If you need to filter out those documents or drop `_id` fields when the value is `null` then you'll need to create a custom SMT.
```
I don't think this needs to be update a numbered point.  This could be a note at the end of this section.

    predicates=isNullRecord
    predicates.isNullRecord.type=org.apache.kafka.connect.transforms.predicates.RecordIsTombstone
    ```

5. If you want to use the message key or another custom value as the document ID then use the `cloudant_doc_id` custom header.
   The value set in this custom header will be added to the `_id` field.  If the `_id` field already exists then it will be overwritten
   with the value in this header.
   You can use the `HeaderFrom` SMT to move or copy a key to the custom header. The example config below adds the transform to move 
   the `docid` record key to the `cloudant_doc_id` custom header and sets the header converter to string:
   ```
   transforms=moveFieldsToHeaders
   transforms.moveFieldsToHeaders.type=org.apache.kafka.connect.transforms.HeaderFrom$Key
   transforms.moveFieldsToHeaders.fields=docid
   transforms.moveFieldsToHeaders.headers=cloudant_doc_id
   transforms.moveFieldsToHeaders.operation=move
   
   header.converter=org.apache.kafka.connect.storage.StringConverter
   ```

   **Note**: The `header.converter` is required to be set to `StringConverter` since the document ID field only supports strings.

> **Note**: For any of the SMTs above, if the field does not exist it will skip over that message and continue processing the next message.

Author: wdyt:
```suggestion
**Note**: For any of the SMTs above, if the field does not exist it will leave the message unmodified and continue processing the next message.
```
